---
title: Ludum Dare 25
author: stuckie
layout: post
categories:
  - Arcade Badgers
  - Ludum Dare
---
So I, along with my wife, will be entering this weekend's Ludum Dare Jam.

This is scary. <br />
I haven't done any programming since I had to leave Atomicom due to ill health - which had been up and down all year with the breaking point being in August. <br />
If things go particularly pear shaped, then it'll likely crush my confidence and I'll have to have a sit down and think whether I'll be able to work as a programmer again.

But, this is also exciting. <br />
We'll be working together on something we both love. <br />
And, if it does goes well, it'll also set the grounding for myself getting better, as it'll boost my confidence.

Bit of a double edged sword really...; as it can go either way, but without risk there is no reward. <br />
I am at least being somewhat sensible about this, in using Impact as an engine, and JavaScript as a language. While it's not my usual go to, what with being out of the world of programming for a while, it's perhaps the safest option for now! OpenGL, SDL, C++ et al aren't the friendliest of things to deal with after a long break from using them :)

Additionally, we'll be working together under the banner of Arcade Badgers. <br />
This has been a little sideline thing I've been planning for a while, and if this weekend does go well, it may well give me the kicking I need to actually go forward with it - and seeing as I'll be stuck on benefits for the foreseeable future, I've not got anything to lose in trying - especially as there are Test Trading and Permitted Work clauses I can poke at.

Now to do some tests... what's a variable, again?