---
title: Clean ups!
author: stuckie
layout: post
permalink: /clean-ups/
categories:
  - Arcade Badgers
  - Random Gibberings
---
I&#8217;ve been doing some clean up recently.

For this site, I&#8217;ve wiped out a huge amount of spam accounts, disabled trackbacks, and some other things to stop my email getting inundated with spam nonsense. If I&#8217;ve accidentally deleted an actual human account, let me know and I&#8217;ll reinstate it. Though why you need an account here is beyond me, really!

Over on the Badgers&#8217; site, I&#8217;ve added a game detail page for Germies! and tidied things up a bit as well.

It&#8217;s also been three weeks since Germies! was released. It&#8217;s been an interesting learning experience, to say the least!  
It&#8217;s made a grand total of $0.72 in ad revenue so far&#8230; though we did manage to get a couple of non-exclusive license deals which helped get us going. We got a lot of good feedback, and some critical feedback. One of which was immensely helpful, and we&#8217;re working on an update to address some of the issues raised. I&#8217;ve also got two additional major revisions of Germies to do, but they&#8217;re likely due towards the end of the year.  
We have also started work on the next game. Diving deep within my archive of game designs, we&#8217;ve pulled out another one to have a look at and tweak. We&#8217;re hoping to get the first release of that one out by the end of the month.

In the midst of this, I&#8217;ve been working on GLESGAE and it&#8217;s JavaScript and Canvas implementation, which I&#8217;m naming JESSIE. Annoyingly, it&#8217;s taking a fair bit longer than I expected, due to some technical headaches in ensuring VBOs are updated in the best way possible. As Canvas is effectively an immediate mode system, I&#8217;m filling up a ring buffer of vertex buffers on the fly and passing them along to draw when they&#8217;ve reached a certain size. This gives me a choice of glBufferData, glBufferSubData and glMapBuffer&#8230; as we&#8217;re not sure how much triangle data is coming in each frame, mapping the buffer should be the best way.. but it&#8217;s going to require some hardware to test on &#8211; and I&#8217;ve only got access to a couple of Android tablets and phones so far. Either way, recreating the entire buffer every frame is going to be expensive, so let&#8217;s not do that one.

So, lots to do this month.  
And there&#8217;s a Ludum Dare sneaking in too&#8230; should be fun!

&nbsp;